Music
Thank you!
Boy, what a show we have for you tonight.
We do have a pretty great show.
What an important show.
I mean, we got to do the most important thing at the top of it.
You know, I don't know if it's...
but it's got to be dealt with immediately.
We had a show...
The last time we had a show,
the feedback was...
it was voluminous.
Really?
I wasn't here for that show, so I don't...
I'm not caught up.
Talk to me as if I'm a baby, I don't know.
There was a problem unique to just societal groupings.
Like, it's a problem that, you know, how do you...
how do you solve it?
We've been through this before.
Harmontown is supposed to be a tribe of misfits.
We're going to colonize the moon.
And so what do you do about your Adam Goldbergs?
You know, are they...
Are they mascots?
Because they're the misfits of misfits?
Or are they somehow an opportunity for us to prove
that we too can rule the earth by, you know,
we just crucify them?
And go like, yeah, no, even we have lines.
Oh.
Do I get to vote?
I'm voting against that.
I think, you know, I believe in open systems.
I don't think that Key and Tumblr societies
are ever going to evolve.
I think you have to have one code,
and you have to be able to follow it no matter what.
And our code is, no one gets bullied, everyone fits in.
So then last show, like, just from Twitter to Reddit
and everywhere in between,
a lot of feedback about this guy's laugh.
Now, we're going to bring him up and put a face on this problem
because I think...
No, not in a shaming way.
Not in a shaming way at all, the opposite.
I want to humanize this guy
because I most of all just feel bad for him.
I also then second to that,
I feel bad for 30,000 people that were, like,
unprecedentedly distracted by this guy's laugh.
Well, it's a tough one because you want people to laugh,
but then they laugh too much,
and you're like, all right, calm down.
Their laugh just hits that chimpanzee distress call frequency
so it makes people go, like, I'm glad he's having a good time,
but now I feel like a spotted leopard's hunting me.
I don't know.
His laugh is like a crying baby on an airplane for some people.
The difficult thing with a society, of course,
this is the most difficult of all.
What are we going to outlaw this guy's mirth?
Tell him, have less fun.
Yeah, that moment when you're least self-conscious and full of joy.
Yeah.
Take it down a notch.
Then everything we say about the government up here,
every time a cop stabs a guy, a cop stab people.
No, they just shoot them.
I don't read the, well, they stab him with those little,
those flying knives that come out of the knife dispensers.
Okay.
Wait, you're thinking of Scorpion from Mortal Kombat.
Get over here.
Yeah.
Actually, stay there.
What was that?
No, but it's interesting you're saying that this is the first.
This is where the line is.
And we can't, you know, if we introduce this law,
then everything falls apart.
Yeah.
All the things that we make fun of governments and corporations
for doing when they're like,
oh, hey, everybody make up a new flavor of Mountain Dew.
Just have fun.
And fencing your humanity.
And you're not allowed to do this.
And you're not allowed to do that.
Then it all breaks down.
We are judged tonight as a tribe by how we treat laughing men.
The eyes of God are on us.
And I don't, no, I'm excited about it because I don't know what the answer is.
No.
Except that, you know, the first step is always communication.
Always like, like, like, you know, let's, so if, I assume he's,
he's willing to come up because he sounds like he's having a wonderful time.
Are you, is it, it's Doug, right?
Okay.
We put him in the front row away from the microphones tonight.
Doug.
Have a seat.
Hello.
I will say this.
Right off the bat, I'll tell you what pisses me off, Doug.
You come to Meltdown every week and that's never been a fucking problem at Meltdown.
Are we not funny enough for you?
It's just never been commented on at Meltdown.
Oh, okay.
But we don't record Meltdown.
So there isn't like Twitter, you know.
It was like, I remember a night when I could hear it and I was like,
my thing is like, it's not that I don't like it.
My thing is it makes me feel like a liar.
It sounds like my uncle's at the show and it's like the cream city comedy competition.
And he's like, yeah.
Drive thru his heart for the consumer.
Who's voting?
It makes me wonder how funny I really am because it sounds like above and beyond.
But last week, I wasn't really that conscious of it,
but then it must have been a microphone thing.
It's like a sound mix thing or something.
I've never gotten so many tweets about one topic.
And we talk about race here.
And you've said a lot of controversial crazy shit.
I call the Irish dirty little potato people.
I got seven tweets from Irish people going, you're right.
We don't care.
Yeah.
But this fucking, this guy is human Belfast.
Human Belfast.
The time of troubles are upon us again.
Yeah.
He's the potato fan of Marmontown.
We need a peace wall built around him so that the Protestant laugh listeners can get along with the Catholic ones.
So anyway, all right, Doug, I think you've been, you've been, you've been quiet through all this.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What, what, was it different, was it different last week or last show?
Uh, it was a little high last week.
But I, oh no.
I'll not, I'll pull the microphone away when I laugh.
Um, but yeah, I know.
Should we, should we, I'm sorry, Doug.
It's all right.
Well, shouldn't we, shouldn't we get like a, shouldn't we, somebody tell him like a really funny joke so that, so we can measure the.
He's literally hiding the microphone with his palm right now.
Cause some people might not know what we're talking about.
If we were a sophisticated, like fancy broadcast show, we'd play a clip from last episode where you just hear me going like, like, like, like Jeff at one point, uh, I said, yeah, there's, I was talking about 9 11 conspiracies and back to the future, uh, regarding the Twin Pines parking lot.
And Jeff said pine 11.
Yeah, put it to your, put it to your mouth.
See, I love a good pun.
What got you was pine 11.
Pine 11.
That's the 9 11 of jokes.
I'm also a huge back to the future fan. So, uh, and I, and I always knew consciously watching that, that yeah, there's only, it's lone pine mall. Cause he hit the pine back then.
Right. And some guys going like, whoa, what about, why is there only one shower now?
It's blowing my mind.
Which is truly not even, not to get too grim, but that's not even a significant event in the 9 11 timeline.
The time there was one tower.
I know it happened for a couple of minutes on CNN, but like, we don't want to dwell on that. That's not like, oh, the one tower time.
They fucking came down.
Oh my God, we had so much more hope back then, remember?
Oh, just half as much.
Yeah.
People were outside chanting, you.
You.
And then it was like, it was like electric company.
And then the other half for that loved the people in the other tower.
You.
Remember the electric company?
Snake.
See, that's funnier than the pine, pine 11.
Well, okay. So, so, I mean, you know, I think that I'm already, I'm already, I'm already encouraged by the conversation.
You were high.
That's me. I think we can't ask you to stop having fun.
And I'm certainly, I certainly believe marijuana should be, should be legal, but maybe for you.
It shouldn't be, it shouldn't be allowed before.
Before the show.
This is how government start.
Okay.
Maybe for you.
You kind of passive aggressive law.
Law is law.
It starts with with with don't eviscerate a prostitute on a foggy cobblestone street.
Yeah.
Just to get rid of Jack the Ripper.
Next thing you know.
Craft is running the world.
The Tams is chocolate.
Wait, that sounds great.
Next time I get an inkling, I won't before coming to Harmonton.
How about that?
Oh, would you get an inkling to, to, when you want to get high, you mean?
Yeah.
To ease the back pain.
Oh, really?
Is that what it is?
Because of back pain?
Yeah.
Okay.
It's also, I mean, it's also great.
Like it also feels amazing.
Yeah.
So Doug, were you aware of this controversy before tonight?
Before?
Jesus.
Like, like, like, like Batman is on the toilet right now.
She keeps getting halfway up.
Goddamn, is there a, I know that laugh.
But I'm on the toilet and I'm Batman.
It's not Bruce Wayne in the toilet.
It's Batman.
Yeah.
He's in a cow.
He's got his outfit.
That's the weird thing about the, that's the thing they never explore in the movies
is that, is that Bruce Wayne has a really, he extends his dichotomous, like weird schism
in its personality to the shits he takes.
Like he's like, I'm going to take a Batman shit.
Yeah.
The one that flushes my bowels of the scum and crime that have.
I wish I had that option.
Like every now and then I feel like I want to take a Batman shit, but I can't do it.
Yeah.
So it's like.
You just pinch out a little Alfred.
Yeah.
Pinch out a little Alfred.
I do like five Alfreds in a row rather than one Batman.
Technically speaking, sir, there is a certain amount of pebbles in your lower colon.
They could be dispensed of optimum comfort.
However, it could be put off to a later time.
And then a Batman shit's like, get it out.
Yeah.
My parents did.
I'm going to take the shit out of this shit.
All right.
Well, okay.
So Doug, so, so, so what, well, I guess we got a human face.
Well, let's, let's monitor things.
Let's see how it goes.
We love you and we're in your corner.
I applaud everyone speaking out.
I don't know if you needed to be so mean about some of your ways.
I mean, what was some of the stuff they said, Dan?
You don't have to, you know, it's the internet.
We're starting to realize not everything that you don't like makes you want to kill yourself.
You don't have to use that language every time.
There's real stuff in the world that should make you want to kill yourself starting with poverty.
You can just dislike someone's laugh.
It doesn't make you want to kill yourself.
And it's not really a place of subtle opinions.
It's, it's either you love something and want to marry it or you want to kill it with fire.
That's the internet.
Extreme opinions are the only things that make it to the internet.
Alright, well let's, let's, let's thank Doug and Doug.
Thank you, Doug.
Thank you, guys.
It's the human face that really solves half the problem.
You just look at him and go, he looks like a fine young gentleman.
It's also tough because everything we say he laughs at and it's hard to dislike that.
Yeah.
Yeah, I think we figured it out.
Move away from the microphones and live your life, Doug.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was actually going to say that, well, in exchange for that, we told him, there's no way, why am I sharing this?
Now I have to share it just because it's funny that I think Dustin told him like, look, if you, you know, we'll, we'll give you, we'll, we'll, we'll always have that seat away from the microphones available.
But it's a good seat.
So now tonight everyone's going to be like,
Look at me, look at me.
It's, it's, it's gonna, yeah.
But don't do that.
Be cool.
There's shame involved, too, don't forget that.
I do most of the show like this.
All right, so we, we got, we got, we got, you know, normally I would babble about things I've seen.
I share my Erin quote of the week.
Yes, you have a music cue for this segment called Aaron my wife Aaron's funniest line of the week
Yeah
That's
Perfect number of beats
About six
I want to make sure I get it right. I wrote it down. We were watching the movie
The movie is called a most violent year
Uh and about uh halfway through it
Uh when joseph cambell says a hero should meet with his goddess
Aaron met with one of her own uh that I didn't realize she was meeting with when she
Exasperatingly said from the bed next to me
Oh god just give them their Oscars so they can stop
It's a movie about a guy who does not want to get involved with the movie that he's in
And he succeeds for the whole movie. Did you you didn't like the movie? I actually did enjoy it quite a bit
But but it's it's kind of remarkable how like the move there's a lot of good movies right now
Am I am I have I passed my curmudgeon phase and I'm now just a wild-eyed babe in the woods
Am I now in that weird creepy uncle like I love pokemon
I I feel like like my birdman was really enjoying
Yeah, you're gonna pick up like like I it's not like it
I thought I thought for a while that I'd do enjoy the kind of movie that might get you know
Might get awards or have some degree of so uh cultural efficacy that you you were down to transformers
Or you had to just watch something in french and and you know, I don't know
I've seen some movies that just saw that that Alan Turing movie the meditation thing if you can see that
Man, it's gonna I don't understand why
Why aren't gay people more angry?
I didn't I didn't know they invented computers and that we killed them for it
I use computers
If I don't understand they're gay people they never did anything they literally are a problem that solves itself
Jesus christ
I would say I lost that you're scared of them like doing anything you don't have to be yeah
There's always another gay person like that they they're not doing they're not trying to do anything
I like the idea of someone is homophobic, but also like logical about it like they're a problem, but they'll solve themselves
I'd say
Even if you put yourself in the shoes of someone who's like terrified like what are you and then we get back to that conversation
Well, obviously we know what they're terrified of they're terrified that they themselves are gay
So they gotta I gotta make a law against how gay I am
Um, but it's not just that I think it is there's people who are fully straight not afraid of being gay who hate gay people
Do you are are we sure about that because there's
There are so many things to hate like are we sure that all
All straight homophobia is not ultimately rooted in
Like a fear of like
Man if this was legal, I would suck every dick in this room
I and I wouldn't know who I am
I'm gonna get to work in the morning. This has to stay
Forbidden if it's legalized
I'm gonna suck so much dick
So I have to fight it well also like the gay marriage thing you can fell out because why would you hate that what if you already hated gay people
Then you hated them for what wearing the police hats and dancing and like
Being like promiscuous like archetypes of like like oh nothing sacred honey child. I'm gay. Whoo
I want to dance
Why for that mindset wouldn't them wanting to get married and to have georgia kite stroll down the street with his husband holding hands
And with it with fro yo it why wouldn't that make you go? Oh, okay fine
The only reason is because you're thinking well, why did I marry a woman then?
I didn't know I could have it all
But it's I think it's also the elected and the thing I love to do in bathrooms
It doesn't count as long as it's in a public bathroom. God can't see through stall doors
Um, I I think then because then they're like oh then it's harder to tell which ones they are
You know, like what are they gonna do save us from overpopulation? What's the worst thing they're gonna do?
Well, but it's true. I mean if you look at like religion and stuff a lot of religions are against that
So it's not just people who are gay and scared of it
It's also people who are scared of something that is different from them or that they see as being different
Those religions come from a time when if you weren't having a baby every nine months you were treasonous
Because our species was at war with the weather
Yeah
Like penguins were eyeing us up for the throne right
Like like well, we're both being eaten by predators who's to say you're not the penguins and we're like keep fucking
In hurry up get more kids in the field
They're gonna pick corn and then you walk in on your friend steve and your friend neal
And you're and you're like guys come on knock it off. We're we're trying something
We're going for something maybe I mean so maybe there was like I'm not I don't want to use the word justification
that's the terrible word but but a
Hey, I mean they were they those people thought stars could talk
They they they they believed that logs were we're we're good luck on thursday if you
Painted them black and they had they had reasons to believe that stuff because they didn't have telescopes
All right, but once you get a telescope you look through it at your gay friend and you go
It just looks like a very up close gay person. I mean
There's Saturn there's there's steve and let's
No, it's true. I mean it's religion is from a time when before we had like we get a new iPhone every year
And we can't get someone to take another pass at the Quran like you can't
There should be some firmware there should be there should be some religion firmware
Just an update that you have to get and then it's like it was a different time women can aim
Own the same amount of property. It's fine
We were wrong then
I think I think we whipped a cauldron into a froth that that our guests is is going to be the most at home
And let's bring up David cross
All right
There was some extended applause there, I think uh, I think your legacy is palpable in this room
Can you can you uh in post can you give it another minute?
One of you was clapping too hard
I know there's a there's one guy in the front that makes looping impossible. That's like there's always like this seam
But uh, yeah, well, we just started we started touching on this the unsolvable but always fun subject of like
Of of a most violent year sucking. I know I saw it. I did not care for it
Uh, for so many reasons, uh, I thought he sounded a little too much like Andy Garcia
I don't care about that. I just thought I mean it's uh, it was
uh
It was everything about it was halfway
The the the story was halfway the resolution was halfway the acting was halfway. Well, that was it was like
um
Well halfway to good, but it was um
It was like uh, you it's like what your wife was saying. It's like they're they're
They all think they're gonna get an Oscar you can tell they're all they're all that's in the back of their heads
I like that you're saying everything is halfway, but the name is the most extreme name possible
A most violent year. I know we kept thinking because in the beginning there's like I got a gas truck gets gets hijacked
And then Aaron and I were saying oh, is this like the cold open and as the truck drives away you pan over to a calendar
And it says january 1st
Is the whole movie just like
I I really uh
Yeah, I didn't I didn't care for that movie and uh, have you seen some stuff you do care for?
Did what did you think of bird man?
um
I I enjoyed watching it and I I liked the first two of the six endings
I preferred the first two
Then endings uh, three four five and six. I they lost me but um, I will say like I got
There's some movies I get to a point around if I can get the three quarters through
I've already written the mental blog entry of like why this is the best movie ever and if the the last 20 minutes can
Take a fucking those dive and I'll kind of just push it out of the rug
Well, the it was it was really enjoyable to watch the acting was great
uh
But I I I'll tell you where I really hit a roadblock
And it was a big one because I really wasn't enjoying it up until this moment, but the the scene with the
uh, theater reviewer
The dialogue was written. It's it felt to me like the dialogue that she her review
And then the thing that he says back to her and then her actual review later all sounded like somebody who's never read a review
Because that's not how reviewers talk. That's how when you parody or if you're like, uh, uh
A
Sophomore in college. That's what you think a reviewer
Uh, and it's just it was bogus. That's a good point
Like the Emma stone monologue when she's yelling at him for giving a shit about something that's all out of ego
And he doesn't he pretends he's above twitter, but he's doing this ridiculous thing
I was like, I thought that monologue was really great. It was a well-written like teenage daughter monologue yelling
There's a lot of great stuff in there. I just had a but that was the one
Uh dialogue wise, uh, the one yeah, I mean that like that's not how they talk if they were as good at writing
But that that reviewer could have easily just been super like they could have written up to her
And had her be a normal a human with her own value system is the hero of her own story with lots of thoughtful things to say
And it would have been just as good. You're right. I never I didn't even think about that. There is a way to hate things
Thank you. No, uh, did you guys see the hobbit?
I
Have I saw the second movie and I was like the second of three. Yeah, yeah, it was one book by the way
I don't know if you guys know there was one book
You can't make three movies in a one book. It's so baffling like I love the lord of the rings movie so much
So each one of these I watch I said this on twitter
But to me like lord of the rings was like making love with the love of your life
And hobbit is like jacking off on a sex doll you found in the trash. It's still a fine way to spend your time
You just don't want your wife to be around for one of them, you know
Wait, are you are you jerking off in the exact space place where you found the sex doll? Yeah, no, it's still in the trash
Oh, okay
So to onlookers you're just jacking off into the trash and you're like no, no, no, there's a sex doll
Right, right, right, right a little bit of a thrill to it. Yeah. Yeah, there's an excitement to it. There's a weird
part where there's like
You know, there's like 15 new dwarves in it
There's like I don't I haven't seen any of those things. I don't uh
Not not for you know, not like out of anger or obstinance. I just those things are so silly and
Even even the original lord of the rings. I didn't see him though. Okay, wait. Oh gosh. I didn't see it
I you're like a unicorn
Ironically, I don't I mean I don't get uh, I mean I don't
I don't no judgment. I just know I know myself enough to know I'm not gonna like it
Yeah, yeah, so so that's a good time to bring up that you now just finally I say finally have
Have launched a career as a director you just made that movie hits which I haven't seen and frankly didn't know existed
Uh, which looks from the trailer to be like everything you would want when you hear that David cross is directing
Well, uh after the last 10 minutes of what I've just said it better be
The most amazing fucking
Perfect. It has to be perfect
Uh
But it looks great and more importantly
I think the reason why I thought you might want to come on here is because I'm sure you're already at your kickstarter goal
Because you're only asking for the kickstarter pitch. I saw was that you you made this movie. It's it's good
The distributors involved had this plan to do like new york and la and then throw it onto itunes and come up
May yep
And and you know whether yeah, and you're and you're just going come on
Let's do the let's do the 20 city thing and you looked into it and it costs like a nominal amount
They just wouldn't the nobody was interested in pursuing that and the and i'm not knocking uh, the the people involved
But the you know distributors are doing a job. They don't care about the movie per se
They want to get the best deal they can or at least the sales agents who you hire to represent you to
Make the deal with distributors, which I found out later. I'm not I'm not
Well-versed by choice in the business of aspect of things
Uh, uh, I just don't care to I should care to know I'm sure my
Wife would be happier about that, but uh, I I just don't I can't I don't want to think about those things and and um
And so the the what they were what the offers were very there were the absolute
Standard thing, you know
Like you were saying it's new york and la and then pick four cities out of the ten biggest cities and they go there
You know one college town, you know
Got to get it in an harbor man, you know and um
And then that was it and then as you said and and that was really
Kind of depressing and then the producers were the ones who said let's
Let's figure out a way to get this movie in theaters that it would never play in and uh, and so I credit them
They're the ones who came up with the idea and they went to a bit torrent and and then we'd we had the idea to
To do the Kickstarter, which just allows us to get the movie. We're already at uh
If should it trigger we've got 35 cities not even I mean towns places. I've never even heard of saint saint
Thompsonville in vermont and I don't know
uh
I mean places it would never play like um, uh, Daytona
What just in the middle of the racetracks?
Yep, just a guy
The one guy who's not into racing in Daytona and he lives in the middle. He's running to the drivers so they can see it
He's got he's got it on his iphone
I was like when bugs bunny had that hill that hole that they built a construction site around
Yeah, and then in the future. He was the opposite. He was the only guy
Yeah
So is it like these theaters sort of signed up to be like hey, we wanted to play in our theater
So if if this Kickstarter thing goes then we would like to play because it's pay what you want
So uh in order to do that we need at least enough money to get into the theater
It doesn't cost a whole lot, but you have to it does cost something you have to rent the theater pay for the staff
Get your uh, make sure the film can play in their system. Um, and and you know a small
All modicum of uh, you know marketing and stuff gets mads out
um
And that would allow us to go to uh
It was uh 22. I think we figured it would allow us to get to and uh, and now we're at all these
theaters have approached us and uh,
It's cool. I've never been done before. Yeah, this is like I've never heard of any bit torrent is the one who's distributing it
Online you said right there is this is the first movie that bit torrent is
Uh, yeah putting out there officially officially. Yeah
Yeah, yeah after years in the business. Yeah
Yeah, they've uh before this they ever make any money
Yeah before this they've put out every movie ever made
Yeah
Yes unofficially, but that's such a cool
Like how did the bit torrent thing happen like that was the producers they they're the ones who went out
Uh, you know, we were all little uh
You know the movie screened well at Sundance. Um
and
I don't think anybody had this uh
You know illusion that we were gonna somehow become this, you know, amazing
You know one of those
bidding war things where harvey weinstein is you know in between
Champagne shots and piles of blow is like I want this movie, you know
So Skyping from his yacht on the on top of a mountain and um
You know the yacht's on the mountain
The yacht's on the mountain. Yeah, very he's very wealthy
Yeah, it's his mountain
Uh, it's something his dad said he couldn't do it's the one thing
Hey, man, that's a good engine trying to do shit your dad says you can't do
Um, so it's yeah, you're where I mean you were within spitting distance of your goal when I looked
Several days ago, um, but more money's probably better than than less if you're interested the more money we get the more
Theaters we go right right so go to the Kickstarter if you're interested you can find it
Really easily and uh, you know first give to leukemia if you've got like that
No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
No, no, no, no see that's that's short-sighted thinking
All right
Listen his movie's coming out once leukemia is gonna be there
Leukemia will keep is the slogan for the movie. Don't worry
I mean a hundred dollars to the uh leukemia foundation ain't doing I mean that's like that's nothing. No, that's nothing
No, and a hundred dollars to us. You're gonna make some
Loser with leukemia laugh for two
You know
I mean you give it give him a little escape two of the last hours of his life
he'll laugh
It's it's 2015 so now we have to follow that with a paragraph of we're not saying it's funny to have leukemia
We're saying it's so unfunny to have it that it's funny and the blah blah blah blah
Um the uh, yeah, I I understand that the money that goes to leukemia a lot of times what happens because it's such an intense
diagnosis to give
That a lot of times they'll just give the person a hundred dollars along with
Hey good news and bad news
Like so that is that is a that is a furnace that you're shoveling your money into it
It needs to be shoveled in but but you could you could light a little little dollar bill on fire for david cross
And it'll go a lot longer
Uh, I don't I really really did make a pretty
We made a point that was like hey gift to his movie more than gift to leukemia and it made sense. Yeah
Yeah, yeah, I mean it's that's the great thing about uh this podcast is if if you're
If you pay attention you might learn something
Movies called hits it's called hits right called hits. Yes. So is there is there ever going to be a rule about
So you got your um, you got your hebdo
Deaths with the more of the mohammed thing. This is a fuck of a segue. Yeah
And so this isn't the first time it's happened and it's like like this thing keeps coming up where it's like, okay
So some people get get get really upset about the fact that for instance, okay, so these guys are
Uh a cartoon made them hurt people and that obviously makes them the bad guy
But then why cnn? Well, you're doing the story and then you hold up the cartoon as it blurred out
And then there's other people and I because I don't want to jump on that bandwagon and go well
But wait a minute. You're watching cnn
What are you a big fan of like overriding all societal like taboo because otherwise there would just be
You know what a corporation would put on tv to make you keep watching it would just be a big dick with toothpaste coming out of it
like
They wouldn't they wouldn't if you didn't give a fuck they wouldn't give a fuck
They would just be twinkies and fucking tits on the tv and they would go back go back to the dick with toothpaste
What I backed off of that because that's a pitch that i'm trying to sell
Well, what kind of toothpaste did you guys see did you guys see stripe red and white?
Did you guys see sparkly bubblegum like kid toothpaste?
red and white stripes would be gross
Right, that's crazy
I
Just I'm saying I don't want to see a red stripe coming out of my dick
But you want to see other kind of toothpaste coming out of your dick
Whoa, if I came and it didn't hurt and it was blue with crystals in it
I I would I would I would be like
Whoa, what the fuck
But if I if there was a red stripe in it, I'd be like fuck. There's a difference
You don't think the crystals are gonna hurt the inside of your urethra. It's so naive
I just said it didn't hurt. That's why I prefer it was not hurting because
Okay, I did say that I I would I would think you're more of a toms guy
Given your druthers I just I don't even come I might but the head of my dick is one of those crystals
You just rub it on your skin and it uh, I switched I switched to deodorant
But finish that sentence
It didn't make sense because I switched to deodorant analogy and it doesn't make sense
Finish the sentence. So I see so deodorant. Yeah, that's so you don't get Alzheimer's
So when you when you masturbate you don't get Alzheimer's right
Because what you do no you it is the crystal. Oh no the crystal. All right, all right
The crystal deodorant is because people are afraid they because uh, uh, somebody read something somewhere 15 years ago
And they're like, oh shit. This has aluminum in it. That's gonna make give us Alzheimer's. So give me that rock
Give me the rock that the woman who calls herself the a good witch
Sold me on venice beach for 60 dollars
There's a witchcraft store. There was a witchcraft store in my neighborhood
Where they would sell like bullshit like that and it just shut down and now it's a shoe store
And I was like kind of happy and sad at the same time because it's like kind of fucked that woman
but also
I could buy shoes anywhere, but
But here's the thing here's the thing about those folks. I don't think they're I I
You don't think they're hucksters. No, I don't I don't think a lot of the people that I'm that I
Think about when I think of you know, like those women or guys on venice beach or in woodstock or
Or, you know, san francisco, whatever the fuck they are and
You know, uh
I don't think they're trying to rip you off. I really don't I think they're I think they're, uh, uh, naive and dumb sort of
Because they believe those things but
But now now I'm getting close to
I'm describing, you know people in my life that I love so I can't
I have to step it back a notch
I I mean there was a the so
What a pin in my so you're holding up a a picture of mohammed on the news
And they're blurring out really derailed by the toothpaste out of the dick thing, huh?
So now next to that somebody tweeted me this story, which I didn't know was a thing
If you live in new york and you go back and forth between new york and israel
So I don't know how long this has been a thing
But someone tweeted me an article about how it's a thing the heretti on the yes. Yes
They they can I put a quick plug for a website?
Seriously, I'm not joking
Where they have there's a website called failed messiah.com and I am I am one of the very few people who
Says that we should make more fun of jews and I and I not reform jews. They're boring, but I'm talking about
Orthodox jews. They're just
Awful terrible backwards people that
That they really are
sexist
And there's a lot of
They're just terrible. They're terrible
And um, well, but they there are always they always linked to those articles
And I think well, it's so so there's a little theme that we constantly see happen
What is the article about well the article is that well the article that I read was an editorial by somebody that was just fed up
And just going like enough already. Can we make this fucking illegal? You cannot obstruct a god damn tell them what what is it?
Yeah, I don't understand. Okay, so if I if I'm explaining this correctly, there's a you know as you get into the more
orthodox
Forms of Judaism there's what depending on what sect I don't know if I'm using the right language, but there's some dudes
It's a chesedom the heretti there
There's different factions of all if you're ultra orthodox and they they're all kinds of ultra orthodox
And they can't they get on the plane and they go, oh
I I can't sit next to a woman
But not I can't I won't all right, right?
Um, and so some you know, it's uh, you read the comment section
It's like on fire and it's like it and all kind of comes down to me for like well
How is this is this is this guy an 18 year old traveler and like like like what is this really the first time that he's
You know, is he is he actually being brave this person who's going like oh, shit
I I'm being pressured by this secular machine to like do this thing. No one warned me about this
Because it's it when I read the article is like this this stinks of airlines need to nut up
Like corporations that we give all this power to stop letting women on your plane
Put a fucking sign up explaining to anyone flying from new york to israel or vice versa that that there is a very likely chance
You will be sitting next to half the population
50 percent chance
Well, you know, they're also
point zero zero one percent of the population who still believes in this archaic
thing and and we but we accept it
Um, and and one of the issues and I didn't read this particular editorial, but I know one of the issues is that
Uh, it was in particular was delta airlines. Um, they don't want to lose their business because is it a it is a lot
That's exactly what I'm saying. It always ends up being money. It's never this difficult west wing thing where it's like
Well, what's the right thing to do? It's money. You follow the money. It's somebody's being greedy by not
Explaining to these people and it's fucking awful what they do what they what they let them get away with and eventually
Eventually people are are pressured and it's it's a major flight new york to israel. You know, it's uh, it's a long
But I mean, it's like if you got to get there. I assume you have to get there for a reason
You're not like I got a couple days ago
You know, so so eventually people are like
Fine. I'll give them a right about you. You know
Uh, the the the I mean, I think that the I I put those side by side for one because I don't want anybody to perceive
Me talking about what we got to figure this out as having to do with any particular religion
I think that all of religion in its most like kind of like concentrated forms
Um, the word archaic could be used like like like because it's like let's face it
These are being held over from from times before airplanes and things and so they're they're rubbing up against modern
completely secularized society
It's like what are the rules because we're all wearing pants and if you get on a plane without pants and you say
It's my religion. They're gonna say I don't give a shit
And so if and I want people to fess up that it's not it's not really about freedom of religion
If a airline is cow-towing to yeah, fuck that anyway. I mean, uh
I mean because if it was I would I would apply I would be like, well, okay
Let's try really hard to figure out how nobody ever ever has their bubble births. Let's try
Let's try and see if we can do it make it happen
Uh, but we'll do it in tears so that some for instance some poor woman who didn't buy a ticket to this fucking ride
Or if she bought a ticket to the plane, but not this goddamn global roller coaster gets on a plane has a guy in an Indiana Jones hat
get on the plane
Look at her stifle vomit go to this flight attendant then double back fall back into the I mean
What do these people do when they're sealed in this tube? There's women everywhere
Um, but and then some is explaining that they can't they can't do this and they can't do that
And everyone in the plane is like what the fuck I'm like he said I'm on a goddamn deadline. I got a whale at this wall
Or actually that's the one thing I don't have to do right the whale the wall wales for you is that uh, I don't know
I only know it by name. I assume the wailing wall. Yeah, it's I think it's I know you go and you dovid
And you pray and then you put the prayer slips
Into the cracks in the wall
And then and then at night between midnight and 12 o'clock 5 a.m. God tiptoes in
They seal it up
it got tiptoes in
and uh, he
It's and it's they he and Muhammad and jesus go to the dome of the rock, right?
Where they all had there were the three major world religions
Uh, have claimed to that the dome of the rock and then they on the temple mount and then
They each go in there and it's all uh, they've reduced they've figured out science has figured out that
They've they've reduced it to the actual grain of sand that each one can claim to and then they all go and they
This is between 12 and 12 o'clock 5
They they lick the grain of sand. They lick it. They lick it and then they wink to each other
Give a little pat on the back side and then they go they're separate way and they go
They're like what a racket, huh?
True story
I want to I want to start a religion where if you're a woman on the plane you'd have to sit next to an orthodox jew
And
Then let's see what happens
I uh, yeah, I mean, there's a you know, there's the thing of what you wanted to scream
What we'll start your own airline, but it's like what is that a mandate? We all got to be like fucking they have one
It's called LL. Get on fucking LL. Is that yeah, I the so okay, so what's that? I think the pale israel's
I mean israel being a secular
country, um, it's their their airline
They're not oh, oh, yeah, okay, and what are the what is okay?
So if that or this is a hugely important question that know that that what did they do on that airline?
They must be no strangers to this concept
So they must have a speedy way of dealing with it
And what is that? I don't know. I I've never been on that flight nor would I ever I know
It was it was more of a rhetorical question
I'm saying like this is the question that needs to be asked like well, okay
What is the what are the experts do that are in charge of both?
Ex expedient aviation and
Uh, you know not offending, uh
Here's the core of what bothers me about this situation is they have the ability because they buy their
Tickets and blocks and they travel together in groups. They have the ability
to
Buy seats around them or make sure that they're all sitting next to each other and not
Delay the flight, but they they truly don't care and part of the reason they don't care is because they are
Led to believe that they are pure and they are better than everyone on that plane. Who's not an orthodox do they're better
God views them as better people those other people are not worthy
And that's and so they don't even care
That's part of the the the mindset that bothers me you percent. You're like you think like they're
They know in advance. They're like, well, we're gonna get on the plane. There's gonna be some chicks and we're gonna have to
Of course they do. We're gonna hold everybody up. That's pretty insidious. I mean, it's like like like your religious
They could take a a a simple
action to
Not to protect their own little corner of the world
Yeah, and also to be to be a decent human being with amongst other human beings and a live and let live way to be
Accommodating to be polite to have a you know, civil discourse. They could they could do that should they want
But they don't
Yeah, I think and they don't care to I think there's something like like I'll I'll move off of this hot oven
With this I think like I you this conversation confirms my thought like I'm more prone to I mean kumail was raised
Uh, uh, uh Muslim, but it's not practicing. Is that accurate?
What if he is gone?
Yeah, amazing
I like the idea of someone who's like so against orthodox Judaism
Um, but it must have come on. No, it is a it's a razor thin wire. This guy walks theologically
There actually is a razor thin wire in Islam where that's how you get to heaven
Is it you have to cross the razor thin wire and if you fall down you go to hell? That's actually true
That's actually that's so weird because well, that's that makes sense scientifically
That I get that I understand
Um, I I I'm I'm you you guys I think like yeah, you're you're I'm not gonna get any argument out of you when I say something
That's part some valve in my body makes me go like well, don't say it all the way
Because to some degree I feel like I'm speaking on behalf of a lot of people that I don't like when I say this a lot of
Organizations a lot of a lot of a lot of a lot of the world around us that I don't like when I say yeah
Um get over your bogeymen to the extent that it's going to affect other people
You just gotta there has to be like this global
Recognition that you know if you're Amish you you can be as Amish as you want on your Amish farm
And unfortunately it's like still you're being marginalized and you're being disempowered
But we got to move on with this fucking planet. We got to get off it before it dies
We do that with lasers late. You say you say lasers are are bad luck. Uh, we don't believe you
Um, we I got to get to work. Um, I'm a woman
I'm not gonna I'm not gonna grow a dick. I gotta invent a laser in israel
Um, so so I I think that it's like we we have made that choice
We've done but we have we also like feel very queasy about saying it because I don't
And that's I think that's admirable
I do because it actually is like it's easier to do what I'm doing
Which is be Allen all day like like like kind of
I appreciate the the like let's let's uh, you know be
Civil about this. Let's listen all sides. Let's let's think about this, but uh
I didn't have this early on uh, and now at 50. I really don't have it and I I live in
An area upstate in New York and um, it's one of the poorest it's near one of the poorest
Uh
Counties and it's the poorest county because there's a place called. I don't know if I'm pronouncing correctly curious joel and it's um
it's where
Tens of thousands of orthodox have come in and they're um, and they breed like fucking like catholic rabbits and um
And uh
You know, they're they're sapping the public services
Uh, and and the the monies that are and and they're they're like, you know, nine to a room and these in public housing and uh,
and they have their own
They have their they won't let like police. Um, I mean, it's crazy. Uh, and I wish I had more solid anecdotal stuff, but they're uh
Um, they're really rude
Like if you ever have an interaction with them, they're really rude and they will not
Uh, acknowledge you and if uh, you know, god forbid you're a woman and you're you hold the door open for them
You know, like in a market or something that just won't even right and that's the big deal breaker
It's like half the population is women women's rights is like that's the that's what they do their own woman is criminal
Right, that shit is criminal and that's the that's that's I think going to be finally the the interesting thing about it is that women who
Who we we freed slaves and let them vote before we before we finally somehow
But grudgingly found it in ourselves to say that women could
Well that I get if you watch any of the real housewives shows
That's I mean there's there's a point that it's valid like um, and a lot of the slaves had dicks
Which is where the voting power comes from so
But it'll be amazing the fact that women are actually like kind of like this weird shield slash weapon that is the final
Like decision maker in the battle. That's very difficult to have between
um, look
There's 8 billion of us now. Are we gonna are we gonna keep entertaining this notion that every single fucking conception
Gets to have its own barbed wire fence around it protected by every goddamn thing
If if you believe in this society that that if somebody's hitting their wife and no matter where they're living
That you're that they're supposed to stop hitting their wife
Then we we all agree that we have to like then there's certain freedoms
That we have been protecting that may have to kind of erode under the problem is the the uh, the people you're talking about
talking to the people that uh
I mean, I don't probably not a lot of people in this room or listen to this podcast
But most people in america and most people in other countries are religious and they have a different
They have a different but equally kind of crazy notion. And so if they if anybody points to what is, uh,
markedly
Near criminal behavior from, uh, certain orthodox jews and sex
Then the finger is going to be pointed to them and then it's a slippery slope. It dominoes down to and uh,
And then do you think they're thinking that far ahead those people?
Aren't those people the the ones you can really count on if I go to billy grams audience and go
Hey, who wants to make laws against praying to a different god than yours?
Don't you think they'd sign up immediately and then I could go gotcha
Um, I don't know if they're are they like, whoa, stay your hand. Jebediah. It's the classic trap
I think they're we love islam. Yeah, come on
That was a lot of stereotypes I made on a whole like
No, I think that uh, uh, you know, there there is
There's the the if you said, hey, I've got this magic piece of paper
If you sign this then this thing will happen and people will sign it happily
But it just doesn't work that way and uh, I think you know, um, I mean, let's let's uh, yeah
Let's go back to islam, which is obviously the much more uh, um
Be very careful
It's it's the more, uh
It's the uh, it's the king of beers
It's the it's the flashpoint, you know, it's the it's the easy one
It's the easy one to uh, to uh
Make fun of and and and ask questions about like like like yeah
And look at the examine the line between what we perceive as women's rights human rights
across the planet and and and like freedom of religion
Yes, it makes the easy surf. I'm happy to say I have I have zero power, but I'm happy to say it's all wrong
It's all bullshit. It all should be I mean certain behaviors should be outlawed as as
Uh, you know, I think if it affects other people inside. Yeah, absolutely
We got I mean someone has to like stand up and say
We are a human planet now that the you know, like like when Jesus said render unto Caesar what is Caesar's like
Like, you know, because they were trying to get him in like gotcha scenarios where they're like, well, you're gonna pay taxes bro
Because if you are isn't that kind of like praying to Caesar and and he's like I if I'm interpreting this passage, right?
He's like don't try to catch me in that shit
You can be you can be a really holy person in your living room and like pay your taxes go ahead
Like revolution is not going to happen because you like ran up the court steps and spit in someone's eye necessarily
I'm not telling you not to do that either
but like
Caesar made the fucking money Caesar loves the money give Caesar his fucking money
Like let's let's get back to talking about about this other shit. Um, the the like like that idea
Extended to a now like like like we are
I mean atheism wins like there is a like the
The the like you you look into space and you
Um, you you you you it's we need to continue to have a relationship with the fact that we're psychomonkeys that don't know what we're doing
Right, but I want to I want to go back to something you said before I was even brought up here
And you were talking about gay rights and you were talking about
Why would
Straight
homophobic men not
allow gay marriage and and uh, I mean and if
By proxy just tolerate
homosexuals in society and
I think the answer I don't know this isn't I've got no scientific
basis in this but
Those are people with some form of religious
Training right that's what I was saying exactly. I don't think uh, I don't wear my atheism on my sleeve
If I do a show like this, which I don't do that often
I'll I'm happy to mention it if you get me uh in a in a bar or a pub and we've got a couple pints
I'll fucking scream to the ratchets, but I don't I don't belong to an atheist society. I don't I'm not a spokesman. I
firmly
vehemently believe in my belief
That's there's no belief dude
You just fucked yourself with your words
Um, but I imagine I imagine an orthodox jew saying that to you in that voice. Yeah
He just converted. Yeah, and uh, he's in it to win it
But no one of the things that makes me proud to be an atheist is I oddly enough to because those people can't understand it
Is I am tolerant. I'm not tolerant of people who aren't intolerant
But I am but I don't know of any atheists who go
Oh, man fucking fags really weird me out. I don't I don't I think uh, I think gays should be shouldn't be allowed to marry
I think uh, I think it's wrong. I think it goes against everything that's natural is like well
Who taught you that who told you that?
me
You just don't
Atheists don't do that. That's a really really I'm sure that point's been been been been pounded at me a lot
But it just sunk in like that is a huge just very
anecdotal but powerful example
In favor of atheisms like like evangelism, which my pet peeve is is evangelical atheists
Zealots who they don't I don't like them either. I don't they're not just defending me off
Women from being abused under the guise of religion
They're bothering to say and that's why if you're in kmart and you think that if you genuflect you might get a better lottery pick
You're an asshole and should die. It's kind of like you don't need to let's let's clean up the clean up the living room
One potted plant at a time
I mean, I mean I agree with a lot of what you guys are saying
But also like there's a lot of people who are very religious who are doing
The right kinds of things and that they're not infringing on other people's rights
And it's whatever whatever you believe that gets you through the day if you think it's a you know rubbing a stone in your armpit
Will stop it from sweating and not give you Alzheimer's or that there's a god that's watching out for you
Well, so there's so much human not you beautiful human mythology
Arriving out of the core need for it
Which is that when you become a conscious mammal before you have a microscope to tell you anything and by the way what you find
Are the microscope ain't that heartening?
But before you even have that it is a fucked up thing to realize as a mammal that you are alive and that you're gonna die
And and six million years before well, okay, that's going back a little far
Uh three million years before you get to be somewhat comforted by the fact that milk can be pasteurized
Like you're you're alone in a dark world that basically on the fundamental level still to this day
Fucks you up in the same way, which is like, uh, I'm like why I I start to love my my wife
Like I was holding her hand in couples therapy and and the therapist was asking me what I think about when I hold her hand
And I burst into tears and said I think about the fact that one of us is going to die
And that's that's existence and that is something that we use mythology with which to to cope with
Which is what we were talking about earlier today, right?
You and I we were like nothing really means anything if you look at how insignificant we are in the universe
Nothing we do means anything we lie to ourselves
We tell us that we do podcasts and that's important and we make
Movies and tv shows and that's how we get through the day and that's the lies
We tell ourselves and then some people tell different lies as long as they don't infringe on my lies
That's fine. And the and the and the and the cancer is the cancer comes in when it's when you say you're not allowed to say lies
Right, you can't say that. What do you mean? It's a lie. That's that's where the problem starts
So joseph gamble said like when religion loses its its transparency when it becomes opaque when you start looking at a stained glass window
Like it's like a thing that has a use instead of just looking at it like this is a neat way to frame something
We don't understand and couldn't otherwise see unless it was decorated with this fun fucking flimsy transparent shit
Like in this dance we do like when we when we start when we're when we're shooting people because we have because our religion has rules
That should be your first indication in my opinion that that is not a religion
You are not practicing a religion. You are practicing something much more real than religion
religion's bottle says
There should not be bullets involved
Because that's politics politics bottle says buy bullets it comes with bullets in the bottle
I think you're wrong. I wish that was true, but I think religion is bullets
I think religion has become bullets and
But maybe we could both be agree that politics is the one that exploits that aspect of religion and keeps it going
Whereas religion could be your lucky or power power maybe
Yeah
but yeah
But but religion is a and certainly can be
of violent
You know, what are you talking about? Give me one example
Of religion ever causing any violence
All right, well, uh, I want to thank
Let's uh, let's let's soften up this hard penis like conversation about open-mindedness
And the importance of our policy regarding religion with the soft
Intuitive influence of my wife's vagina. Please welcome
Erin McGathy
Can you feel it the vibrations of my vagina
Any any thoughts sweetie you you've been listening
Um, uh, I uh, I love it
I feel like you haven't been listening
I mean just the thing when he said the
I remember when I was first dating Aaron you brought we went back to my place and you you insisted on playing a 10 minute
Like david cross a bit about gold foil being used on desserts
And we just sat and listened to it like we were like like like listening to the grateful debt or something
And I think it was like a little test right like if I had gone. Oh, I don't know. Gold foil is pretty cool in desserts
like you would
You wouldn't you would have done
My dad is a is a bath Baptist minister and when I was in college I cleaned houses
And the thing that I listened to over and over again was shut up. You fucking baby. You're 2002
Which I wasn't gonna mention I was gonna be real cool
Um, but I I feel I feel very empowered by david cross's atheism and not
That like talent challenged by it in 2002. I was 18 years old 17 years old
I feel like an idiot, but I've never connected those dots. There is there. There are very
that like
Like 11 11 11 like atheism has has a has a harder work to do to connect to things like
Misogyny and homophobia. That's the hard thing is like religion. You have to buy and do all this crazy shit
All right, what do I get in return?
You get to go to heaven and it's rivers of milk and all the babes you can fuck and it's
That's the promise of religion, right?
Atheism is like this is all there is but we can have fun and it'll make sense and then you die and everything goes away
I feel very empowered by like I I wouldn't consider myself an atheist, but I feel very empowered by
Humanism and like the the way that you talk about atheism in that way the way that you approach it. It doesn't feel hateful
to me. Well, that's good. I uh,
I certainly I've certainly been accused of the opposite. I always feel like the most attractive thing about atheism is the fact
Is the same reason why I don't bother quite to uh to go all the way over to it
Which is it's the edge of the pool
It is is the real thing that is there to hold you up and keep you from drowning and in the meantime
I'm like, I'm gonna try I'm gonna try to talk about it. I like the holidays
It's uh
People who try to convince you to be atheists are wrong
You either are or you weren't and you should be left alone to do and everybody should be left alone as long as you don't
impinge on their
their day-to-day week-to-week year-to-year life or your children and
That's why like you were saying I really can't stand those
proselytizing. Yeah, and uh, it's annoying. It's off-putting and you just you are a yarn
You you don't it's not like a big struggle and if it is
God bless you on your oh ironic on your um
On your journey, but you you the the the
I guess the credo of the atheist should just be simply to yourself
I don't need a book to tell me
The right way to treat people
What happens to your skin?
Like when you say
You're atheist like to the world like what what happens? Well, I'm dark skin. I'm Jew
so
I used to be white then I became super atheist
And then this happened I will say I mean I won't say I'm atheist or not because
People would have a weird reaction to it and I want to be careful, but for me if you
If you do a thought experiment and you're like there's no religion
There's no it's atheism and then you look at the world from a purely atheist perspective
That is the world that makes the most sense to me like just scientifically from the things we understand and know
That's the version that seems to make the most sense except that the human eye is so complicated kidding
kidding
Right, you're saying that a windstorm could come through an airplane. What is the thing or
Airport no, it's a what's the the anti-atheist thing. It's a
Yeah, that that uh
Yeah, there's like a scattered graveyard of airport parts
In this story and oh god and then the idea that the wind would come and then it would just magically create this air
Well, but there's logic to try to prove what the thing is they go like how come when I open peanut butter, there's no ants in it
right
What who told you that would well the plane thing doesn't make sense because it's evolution so there were
Millions of other planes that didn't get made and they're just like I mean waiting on a seat
You can't tell us that we want you to know you don't have to
Like I'm like marveling at the like those guys are like look doesn't it seem like the banana was meant to fit in a hand?
Atheist wears nightmare
Yeah, they have videos like that
And there's a guy that like takes you through the banana the added irony by the way forget the fact that monkeys came after bananas
but
Um, just the added irony that the banana he's holding is the result of a post human genetic like uh
Experiment like there's no banana that ever looked like that before we invented fucking DNA manipulation
Look, it's a whole fruit. That's a handle. That means there's a god
And the extra irony is he keeps demonstrating how to eat the banana and how natural is so he just like it looks so I'm sure it's his nightmare
How gay he looks he's got this spray on tan and he's like I need to go like this
Isn't this great? Oh great. And then the the guy next to him's like, yeah, that's great. Ha those atheists are
Are really crying right now anything shaped like this is god's answer
Put it in your mouth
And there's like I my favorite thing is when people get upset that when they get insulted at the notion
That of evolution when they're like, they're trying to um say that we came from monkeys. I didn't we didn't come
They're not saying like your dad
Fuck the monkey really. Yeah, why how come if you stay at the zoo long enough, you don't see a person all of a sudden going
Let me out of here. Yeah
Why doesn't that ever happen? We've had zoos for 700 years. You know, I seriously watch playing into the apes backwards
That'll explain everything
There was this I read that the school had this creation science fair and the person who came in the first place put like glass jar
Put sand and rocks inside it and sealed it and a couple weeks later. Nothing. It evolves. So evolution disproved
But I thought it'd be so awesome if they pull it out and there's like a little giraffe in there
Oh, fuck. Well, the the crazy thing is that the scientific version of what we're talking about almost disturbing like operans hypothesis was like
like like didn't didn't operan like take a
tank full of like
primordial kind of like like
The shit that would exist in the in the beginning when and like
Put electric currents through it to simulate like lightning and and simulated like
The the real jar of peanut butter that would have a giraffe in it and the the actual scientific giraffe did like come out of nowhere
Is this the guy from the 20s though? Uh, yeah, I think
Wait, who's discredited though?
Because they couldn't find um
He lost all his uh
Uh, or he's a place caught on fire
Uh, one of his labs or something. That was the frog guy. I think I know you're that's what I'm thinking. Yeah
I wonder if that's the same guy. I really thought you said operas hypothesis
Welcome to my new science podcast. We should look this up later
If you're joining us you're on a device that gives you more information than we have
Well, we're just gonna talk about it
But yeah, I thought yeah, I remember learning in high school operas hypothesis is locked in my head is like, holy shit
There's a certain kind of like a manner of shit. It wasn't like it wasn't like a giraffe
It wasn't even a cell or even a strand of RNA, but it was like an amino acid or a protein or something like spontaneously assembled itself
So it was like non-living to living is basically what you're saying is that what is no not non-living to living
But non-living to a building building block of future living's kind of stuff
Sure, sure, but but but but as David says because you should probably check in if you if the last science fact
You knew is from high school on your 42 years old. That's a lot
There's different number of planets in my solar system since when I went to high school
So David, I know you did you graciously got off a plane and came over here
So we don't want to keep you but is there any are there any?
I don't know like while you have the attention of hundreds and hundreds of people that love you
Uh anything else you need to plug or uh or say plant in their heads. I would not debase myself
After this
Heady intellectual discussion
I thought it was really nice. I I I hope you I hope you had a good enough time that you'd like to come back at some point
Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, people here really
Thank you. All right, javid prash ladies and gentlemen
Dan I sat right next to him like a weirdo. I missed him
Remember when david was here? Yeah. Yeah, that was fun. Yeah
Are you are you taking a dig at me? No
Oh, wait, how am I taking a dig at you because you because he stepped off the stage and you immediately started missing him
I'm the only one left. I
know
Not a dig no now suddenly people understood
Now they think it's a dig. It was never a no no there what they started understanding is how fucked up. I am. Yes
They went whoa, that's a pretzel brain
I always think there's a video with that banana thing. That's yes. It's amazing
Whenever people are like, well, this is proof of a benevolent god. I'm always like, yeah
But there's also fucking tigers around, you know, those people fascinate me the most because it's like well, they're they're they have the
They have the easiest
Move in the magic deck, which is faith. I don't care and they don't use it
They choose the logic path to be a christian and what are you doing?
Why are you playing basketball in skis?
Yeah, my dad my dad who's a who I said earlier is a Baptist minister after sermons
Sometimes I would see people come up to him the same way that someone would come up to
Come on Aaron. Who's one person who is in Star Trek?
God damn it Aaron. Who is one actor whoopee Goldberg?
Cratal robber
Wait, why didn't you want to say a Star Trek person because because it's analogous to people who come up to
Actors and in Star Trek and say like hey like I was just thinking about it and and this could actually happen because I did the math and
You guys got to this planet at this certain speed
And in the same way to my dad after sermons a guy would be like yeah, I took all the bees out of
Genesis and I added them together and that number is the same number of days that no one had no I had lunch
with Sarah and
So like this stuff is totally real and I might I would be like, all right. Well, yeah, you can find patterns wherever
And that's what I love about your dad. I know if I told like one of the tail when I was like, okay
This is my father-in-law. I'm gonna. I just have I just have to marry his daughter still
Uh, when you when you told me about how he was like he's a navy chaplain, but like one of his
Uh navy crewman seaman
Crewman seaman
I don't want to call someone a seaman unless I absolutely know that I'm supposed to
They call him the jizz boys
One of his jizz boys
His jizz boys that's what my dad said is that one of one of the guys one of the guys within his flock was a
Scientologist and so he had a stat he went out and bought Scientology books. He's a he's a Baptist
Uh, uh preacher. He he's he's fine with gay marriage
He he has to go up against his own congregation sometimes in the powers that be above him
But in addition to that he's like he's he knows that his role is to like like these are
These are soldiers and they're in a time of crisis no matter what and like like my job is to like
You know
Be there for any kind of like emergency. I need spiritually and like he read
Scientology books so that in a pinch if somebody that is the one Scientologist aboard got his pinky stuck in a in a canon door
He'd be like, oh
Mixo plicks, please help me
And your dad would be like, I know what he means
Yeah
Mixo plicks
Yeah, my dad also carries a wand
Uh, some of you Scientologists in the audience may have been offended by my
depiction of your religion
Uh
Okay, so well, yeah, I mean we're we're we're on a we're on a bullet train here. We gotta
Should we bring out? Yeah, we gotta we gotta bring out the boys. Uh, let's bring out the boys. Let's bring out the jizz boys
The jizz boys, let's we're gonna bring out uh game master spencer crittenden
And uh, he was with us last time when we're creating our characters that he's still here. I'm assuming he's coming up DeMorge Brown
Down town DeMorge Brown we call him
Because there's another DeMorge Brown who uh, does like
So downtown DeMorge Brown is the vj version
Doing references from 1982
You will get them if you go home and ask your parents for the vcr in their floorboards
When I was a kid
There was a kid a kid named Wesley brown who was bigger than I was and had a bald head
And glasses and he used to say downtown DeMorge Brown every time I came in the room
That sounds like an oracle. There was a difference. You liked that though, right? Like that sounds nice
He did that to everybody. He was like a like a basketball announcer sort of uh, but he didn't well, okay
All right. Yeah, I guess that that that that that uh, I enjoy the lies the illusion
I think downtown julie brown missing for a while
But they found her in the uh least likely of places. Yeah uptown
It's the story everyone's talking about a celebrity disappears with a nomenclature old twist
Um, yes downtown julie brown, um, I wonder how that works. Remember julie. Does anybody just remember remember julie brown the non downtown julie brown?
Yeah, she just did a comedy show in los filos a couple weeks ago
In the character of julie brown
Which I was very confused by because I thought that was her but she said I'm doing a show in the character of julie brown
Did she like write earth girls are easy or would she just in it?
I don't know. She was very creatively active
Back before there was an internet to be like kind of fringy, but also funny as she was she was a hero to some people
Uh, should have her on the show talk to her about about about
Looking at jeff gold blooms. Like do you ever see do you ever see earth girls are easy?
I've seen the cover of the tape. I watched the last christmas. All right
So was whippy goldberg in it because she's the only I know someone just said no. Thank you
So
Can you follow me around in my life so I can pick up a shoe and I'd be like lunch and you'd be like no, that's not lunch
Aaron
Damon Wayans is in it though, right?
Isn't Damon Wayans. Yes. Yes. Damon Wayans jim carrey and jeff goldbloom and it's half of aliens that come that are like like
hairy furry alien people that descend on the valley and oh my god
The only earthlings that they meet are like these valley girls
Which was like a thing and then they shave them and they're like, oh my god, you're totally hot underneath all that fur
What did they shave on them?
Their bodies they have like red and yellow or even they shave the girls
No, no, no god. No the girls don't have fur all over them
The the aliens do and they shave them and they look like the girls do have fur all over them
But they've been conditioned by society to take care of that before it becomes the aliens problem
When they're fat like jim carrey's great, they're different colors. Yeah, they're like
Different teletubbies almost like these live bodies. It's a it's a it's a it's an interesting movie in a world where uh, yeah
like
Yeah, I don't know kids should watch it
Zardaz hudson hawk
Watch watch watch movies that kind of
You know, what is it? I is the title ironic earth girls not actually easy
I don't know they were in that movie. They were easy
Huh, I think I think the title obviously just bridges
At the time an ironic coupling which is sci-fi with sexual sounds like a movie that was written after somebody said
We should have a movie called earth girls are easy
I think it might have been based on a julie brown novelty song, frankly
I don't know if she made that because she was yeah, look it up google it again. Thank you. Thank you for coming to pop culture
We'll look it up later
Spencer is here. Yeah
Yeah
Thanks audience I needed that
So I got a weird anecdote. I got a share. Okay, so I hang out with my friend matt landsman
He's a friend of mine and I've I've had the convention of when I enter the room
I have a wireless jam box speaker
When I when I enter the room I I play I play the john sena theme song right as I open the door
I I hope you guys know the theme song anyway the the other night
I was at my friend matt's house and his roommate was just coming home and
And I didn't have the song quite queued up and we all realized what had to happen
I had to get the song queued up before he got in the house
And no one knew how that was going to happen
So I was like lock the door and my friend runs and does that chain
You know the chain where you yeah locks the door like that
And I'm queuing up the song. I got it. It starts playing
You know it takes about six seconds to really kick in and like as right as the guy is going up
Part like the the roommate literally kicks the in the door
And enters the room right as john sena is like
It was amazing and horrifying
That's the culmination of that whole
You can never play that song. I know it's it's ruined now. Yeah to destroy property to play the song
That story requires familiarity with that song for sure. Yeah, I wish I kind of wanted to lock on
Otherwise it's just a story that your friend came home and kicked in the door
Yeah, you need to know the song, but I feel confident that most everyone has heard that song before so
Well, I I don't know the song, but I really got the story. I was there with you
Well, I was you got to listen to the song man john sena theme song on google third video result down
I know how to get it if I pop if I type j o into uh into google it says john sena theme song
I think that's just you Spencer. Oh, no, I know it's that's what I'm saying. It's I do that so often
It's it's two letters for me. I have to I have to tell this story now because it just I'll never I'll never remember it
And I just remembered it the I I had a girl over to my apartment like like when I back in my horrible flawed bachelor days
Very small two bedroom apartment
Los feliz and for some reason we were you know, we had been on like a couple dates and I I guess this is
You're gonna find out that I'm a bad third date, but we were gonna watch 2001
um
Whatever we ate or whatever was happening to me as I this is a small apartment and like the bathroom is right next to the living room
And the door is thin and it was like like there's just no I hadn't hadn't made those calculations
It was like I like this girl. We're watching 2001. Oh gurgle gurgle. I gotta go do something that I can tell already
It's gonna have acoustic
Attributes to it. So I go in the bathroom and I swear to God even though it seems like a really dumb sit-com pitch or like like not even
Because it looks like like I but I like I'm listening to her watching 2001
Because I didn't want to pause it because I didn't want silence while I did this
Yeah, I'm listening to it and I'm turned the volume up because then she knows so my only choice is I'm waiting
for the spake there Sarah thruster
To crescendo. Yeah, that's my plan
But like and I I know it sounds fake. It sounds like I'm a spaulding grain. I'm like
Like like like does not sound like you're spawning gray
I I mean like a spaulding gray like uh, no, I know. I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you guys. Can you give us a minute?
Baby, baby, you're no you're spaulding gray. No, you're gonna die on the stage. Don't worry. Leave it alone. You're good
You know, it's been my life being a joke. I'm gonna be a joke with you, too
Anyways, we're back and so later
Mr. Recipe is gonna come out and show you a strudel that will
Shit your pants off
So I I was I was I was on the toilet trying to look wait for the this calm serene
epic
Investigation of the human condition to reach its point in the overture when the timpani drums covered my fucking
And it didn't it worked the exact opposite
Because I was like prepping it and then I framed it and I swear what happened was just like drums going boom boom
Boom
Like it was like the song was like I was doing it with the song. It was framed by it
And I and I just after a point was just like just get it out
Stop it because everything you're doing to try to your daffy duck now
Everything you do is like making you knot bucks bunny. Just flush it and just finish it. Just just just just see how this goes
And and I just and I came out and I and I went and I went I went like
Say sorry about that
And she was like like like
It's like about what but like like also like the look on her face was like kind of like now that I look back on and I'm like
She was saying about what as if to say don't talk about your shit
After making me listen to it. Well, that's that's that's her problem. Well, I don't know
She was she was like about what and then I was like well about the noisy shit I took and I kind of
And she's like I didn't hear it
She's like stop stop third date third date
Uh, all right, so word for word spaulding gray's final performance
I gotta look up spaulding gray
I
Feel weird and also like
David I went my whole thing was in fealty to David
I wanted to like let him go because I didn't want to hold him up, but he went he went backstage and he's watching the show
And now I feel like
Bring him back out bring him back out
Oh, that's wow. All right, we'll understand if you leave very quickly after your hardcore
I don't know. I'm happy uh, uh, were you letting me go just uh
Because well, I have this awkward thing where I um, I'm not a self-loathing nerd
But I've had enough guests where toward the end of the show. I've had to explain to them
We're about to do something you might not understand
Because around this hour we we go into a role-playing game and we're starting a new one tonight and uh, I don't I never know
First of all what how prepared Spencer is to throw
Uh new random people into something and I also never know how the people feel about it
And so I well, we're not doing the adventure today, right? We're just introducing the character
Well, you know, I I thought that we told the audience we'd play. Um, so I there's
No one knows shadow run. There's this thing in shadow run. That's like a quick start rules guide that comes shadow run. Yeah
Yeah, the guys the guys right here dan your instinct was correct
David have you ever played any role-playing games? Um, like that kind of thing no
But like it's kind of like if lord of the rings was oh
Fuck
Would you have you ever heard the word shadow run before? No
Lake 70 song by uh, lily joe and the fish
Baby you make my shadow run
Oh, can you go on and explain what that would mean like if someone was to make your shadow run
It's your it's your spirit your soul. You're uh, you're the idea of who and what you are what you stand for what you believe
um, but you but
It's inside you, but then you're going to the forest for this whole other reason
There's a whole backstory and you're you're going to the edge of the forest and then
Uh, you get scared, but not it's a it's a switch
um
Because you ate a funny cake and you're
So your body the body would normally be scared, but your essence would not be scared would stand up and fight
but in this switcheroo
uh
because the uh, the
The warlock of glen bore falls and you've already gone through the valley of tears
So you go so now you're at the of course and that so your essence gets scared and then it runs through
And shadow is just a shortcut
Turn for for everything. Yeah, I thought it was like you you you make me want to be a better person
You make the dark parts of me flee
I mean, you know, it's interesting. I I had your explanation to think about mine
I thought it meant that like in a relationship you lose yourself. So you make your shadow run. You don't see yourself anymore. You just like
You're absorbed. Oh, you lose the self in a way that that's selfless. Wow this wait, what do you mean? Wait, I didn't get that
shadow run
Well, you see your shadow you see you see yourself you see your reflection of yourself you make my shadow run
I like what you are so much and I am at such a deficit as a person that you make my shadow run
I'm just you now. I am going to be absorbed. Oh, I thought it's a more positive thing in that you're not
You're not obsessed with yourself and the way you were before now
There's someone else that you care for
And so you're not just self-reflexive all right. You're okay. No, wait a second. That's a better way to look at
I thought I mean obviously you've been joking around
I thought it's it's from uh from 12 o'clock in the afternoon until just about five o'clock
During the spring and fall and then uh, but time it time goes quicker. So your shadow actually a long
Time goes by like a long time with you
You made my shadow run. Oh, that's beautiful. That's beautiful
Yeah, I just saw an older guy who looked a lot like my dad and wore blue jeans and
Would walk along the roadside at like one o'clock in the morning singing to himself. That one's wrong. That one's wrong
The exception that proves the rule classic dad
I know that the I think I think I think what this song has going for it is that sun rhymes with run
And the sun makes a shadow go away
I like the sundial theory, which is what I'm calling david's
I think the sun makes the shadow show up. I don't
No, no, no, no, no
At 12 noon, there's no shadow because the sun is I tried to block myself from everything in your sun
But in the end
baby, you make my shadow
all right like
Like it you you you move through the sky and the
Like you no matter I no matter how hard I try
You move through the sky
And and make my darkness come undone
You make my shadow look you make my shadow
From nine to five. I got a plier in my hand and I
What is that job? That's just blue collar flavor like a little a little fun fun fact is uh
Uh, he recorded that he recorded that with over 30. I think it was 32 different tools
Huey Lewis's song when he's like milwaukey like yeah, the hard-o rock and roll seattle
Well, honey, that's our city. I didn't even know we were fans of this guy
How do you do that? Is he in our radio?
I
I have that shadow wrongs run song stuck in my head now for real
I block your light, but when the day is done
Baby you make my shadow
My shadow
That's a duet from the tv movie, but in the morning the light comes again
All right, so
So you do know what shadow run is
I was just gonna say that's gonna make everything a lot easier now. We are all on the same page
I
I was so hoping you were just stewing there. You're like this is a serious thing and you're about to snap
That is not what shadow run is guys
Somebody worked hard on this
I mean
Not even in a joke in all seriousness
I've encountered like seven of those kinds of shadow run enthusiasts already and I'm getting kind of sick of that so
People who are like two and do it. Yeah, I'm gonna lean in that other direction
I mean when you're talking about fairies and shit, you can't take yourself seriously
That's what the irish do
Look what it got him
That brings the whole theme into it both gay rights and religious
Transparency. Yeah, it's like well, don't cry. I'm not archie bunker. I'm just saying like
Like like like yeah, if you take anything too seriously, you lose you lose your shadow
I thought when he like irish fairies you were trying to connect those two
Yeah
Like what if what if yeah, what if the irish believed in fairies so much that they that when they when you flew air lingus
If an irish guy got on the plane, he was like, I'm sorry
That person's got salt on their shoe
We wouldn't tolerate it from them
Air lingus sounds really sexual it does. Yeah
Yeah
That joy of that
But there's no fairies in shadow run world, right? It's like a cyberpunk
No, I mean there's orcs and elves and shit. I don't think there's fairies necessarily. Yeah, come on man
There are no fairies
But it's like technology base. I did read the elves
Contract the one of those viruses they could turn into a banshee and I know that a banshee is a
fairy. Yep
Shit yeah marveling I
I will I will take that sound at face value. You are marveling at me
As people don't laugh when evil can evil makes a landing like
I know that sound was
You were breathless
Shadowrunner is like dnd if trolls had pink mohawks and spray paint and ipad spray paint the the hallmark of technology
But but yes
That's true though. Yeah aliens are gonna come and be like these guys and oh they have spray paint cannons
Leave them alone
Your paint ain't confined to just a can and a brush it's in the air
What air doesn't rhyme with shadow run
It's not going to no matter how long we wait
So what what is uh shout you everyone's familiar with no, I don't I don't think anyone's familiar with it
It's a it's a role-playing game in which like collectively we tell a story together
Where these guys play as characters. I know that's your justification for playing it. So what is
Oh, no
That one cut a little deep
Uh, yeah, you don't get rid of the rumble
It's it's uh, but it's like uh
It's like uh
Dungeons and dragons where there's a there's a it's a story but the the context is different, but it's the same
It's a different world. It's not as sort of sorcery. It's more technology and magic in the future
Laser is and spray paint. Yeah, it's like a dystopian earth. So technology is like where uh, and I'm
I'm
Literally, I'm not trying to be funny
But no where the where you'd have a spell that would do a certain thing now you have technology that does a certain thing
Well, it's actually both so you got like you got your guys who cast magic
But then you also have guys who you know just have guns and robot parts that
Wow
David David David you said you weren't
Too much
And hacking it's a lot to digest. I think he's got he's got a good grasp on it. It's it's it's uh, it's it's it's uh,
if like uh
William Gibson's future, uh, or blade runner like if the in the midst of blade runner then someone said, ah, there's elves now
It's dystopian hobbit. It's a mishmash
Yeah, no, that's a good way of putting it. It's just distilled. It is just like blade runner except also magic
It seems like it seems like lazy writing. Okay
Yeah, it's how you get around like how are they gonna be out of magic so they can do whatever the fuck they want
It's like the giant eagles and the hobbit. Anyway, uh, we don't have to get into it
Are you are you a d&d guy? Uh, I don't really know it. I just know it from playing here
I love like fantasy stuff. But do you like sci-fi stuff? Do you like like blade runner and shit like that?
I like blade runner, uh, I don't I don't
don't some science fiction stuff
I I do but as as a I'm not drawn to the genre like other people are you only like the best examples of it probably
Just good. Yeah. Yeah, good I'm fine with good
There just isn't a lot of good
And since the first the first edition of chat around was introduced in 1987. Is that right?
I think yeah
For a while, but they there were now in the fifth edition
Yeah, meanwhile, we can't get somebody to take another pass at the Quran.
We've got...
I should stop saying that.
Before it becomes your catchphrase.
It won't be it for very long.
I'll get heptode.
What?
I can say it.
He's right. He didn't make the rules.
He's just riding him across the finish line.
So, yeah, I mean,
originally we were going to present characters,
you know, even if, you know,
that might take the whole time we have left.
But let's present the characters, right?
So, I could pass these out.
I'll do that. Make funnies.
Shadow.
Do you make the characters or are the characters part of the game?
We consulted with him because it's a new game with a new milieu.
So we talked last episode about the kinds of characters we'd like to play.
And so there's been a sort of interplay between Spencer doing, arguably,
probably the hardest, most joyless work of, like, rolling our characters.
Yeah, but the guys like that love that shit.
I hate it.
I love it.
I really, it took me about a combined 16 hours for all of these.
It was, it was not...
Yeah, you got something to do. Great.
All right.
That's true, though.
I was actually at work not doing anything during those 16 hours.
But you love doing it. You get joy from it, right?
This isn't a war.
I mean, there's, joy happens at some point in the equation.
Sure, there's joy.
I mean, there was joy.
So, David, what it is, is there'll be, like, different races you can choose from, like, or...
It's a pencil, Dan.
Or, like, wizards or hackers or whatever it is, so we all...
Yeah, I made, you know, folders for everyone.
There's a lot of bullets in this game, so you really need to be marking your own inventory and shit.
I would say the thread that the pencil is attached to is really above and beyond.
Yeah.
That's because you guys are going to lose them.
I feel like I'm at a bank.
I mean...
I don't want to lose these things.
No, thank you.
You take them home otherwise or something. I don't know.
No, this is...
I can't just buy pencils every day.
That's great, so let's talk about these guys.
Yeah, let's...
So I, can we start with my guy?
Yeah, do you know about your guy?
I actually sent you an email about him. I don't know if you read it.
Oh, yeah, I...
I read mine.
Yeah.
No, so assume I didn't read it.
Okay, well, I'll just pull up this email I sent you.
All right.
What email address did you send it to? Do not say that.
It's karanreboot at AOL.com.
All right, well, all read...
It's your new gimmick. You're the Yakov Smirnov of...
I'm really pushing for the rewrite of the Koran.
That's my stance.
So if you haven't read yours, let's not start with yours.
Let's start with Dan or something.
Dan or something?
And then I could do it.
I could read it, but not the first one.
Let Dan start off.
Wait, you want me to...
Tell us about your character.
Don't read your sheet. It's about your background and stuff.
Okay, yeah, well, I just want to ask this.
My character, it feels like he's...
I don't know how much stuff the other people should know,
but do you think I should just let it all out?
Yeah, I mean, let it all out.
They're skilled professionals.
I think if anything you say that's secret,
they can pretend it's secret.
Okay, so my character was born James Gundram III
in Wisconsin in 2034.
And his dad was a prominent member
of the anti-meta-human hate group.
Humanitous...
Humanus populi, I think.
What was it?
Populi?
They're kind of a Ku Klux Klan of when people started
turning into elves and stuff.
There was a human...
But the uplifting thing is that black people
could be in this group and hate goblins.
It was great.
It's just when you think you're going to achieve everything
that's like...
It's a whole new way to hate people.
So my dad was like a founding member,
kind of a thug, an arsonist assassin within that group.
And he taught me how to fight and how to be scrappy,
but also I was smart and I could talk
so they thought let's send him to the academy
to be a lone star officer.
A lone star is sort of a police force
that services a lot of the city-states in the future.
Maybe he could eventually be a politician or something
and he could make our horrible racist cause
like a law.
Put it into legislation.
And then I went to school and I fell in love
with an elf girl.
And then I begged my dad to reconsider his ways,
but he couldn't.
And as I was attempting to flee the state with her,
she was killed under mysterious circumstances.
And I blamed my father for it
and signed on with the lone star security services
under the condition that my dad would be among those put away
when I infiltrated this horrible hate group.
And so I did all that.
And then because I needed my identity wiped
because I betrayed everybody I knew at that job,
then I just became this horrible,
like the government just used me and sent me to every city
and made me change my name every time
and taught me how to do that.
And I would just narc on and like shadow runners
like in every city.
And then I found out my dad didn't actually kill my girlfriend.
Like I think actually the cops did to make me available
for that employment opportunity.
Cause you're such a good cop.
Well, cause they were like,
boy, this guy's going to be amazing if we just kill his girlfriend.
Give him the right motivation.
His family is so racist.
He'll think this is a fucking, this is not a seven 10 split.
I don't know what the opposite of that is.
Remember, I'm from Wisconsin.
Okay, so it's all bowling analogies.
Yeah.
I like it.
So then I was betrayed by the people that owned me
and like they used me to do shitty stuff.
I was like a narc and I believed in it
and now I don't believe in it.
And so I had to escape with my life
cause they were going to kill me.
And I used the most, the only identity I had that no one knew about
which was a generic identity pulled from like a textbook in the academy.
So my name is Jim Nightblade.
A former cop trapped in the life of the crime he used to fight.
That's a pitch.
Motherfucker, everything I do is a pitch.
What if this microphone had to hang out with an anti-phone?
Okay, great. Aaron.
I don't know why I affected an urban dialect.
Yeah, I don't know.
Anti-phone?
I found that email Spencer, it reminds me of going to my spam.
But I have it and I can read it, but you guys go first.
Spencer, you came up with all the stuff, right?
No, he came up with his, Aaron came up with her backstory
and then I came up with DeMorge and Coomale's backstory because, yeah.
Not nerds.
This is fascinating.
I can't, I've never seen anything from this side where you're telling the story
and people are like, oh.
Like the thing where when you said he, and I found out my dad didn't kill my girl.
No, when you said that my dad killed my girlfriend, there were people here who were like, oh.
Yeah, but you've seen, that's just the power of like an audience's grace when they're like,
oh, we trust you and know you like, you, you listen.
That was, no, that was honest, that wasn't, there was nothing.
When you listen to Prairie Home Companion, like Gears and Keeler goes like,
and then the blueberry pie, paddle, boop-a-doop-a-doo, and everyone goes like, ah.
Joe went fishing for the first time in six months.
It's called Stockholm Syndrome.
If I don't like my coffee this morning, Munich's gonna go bad.
Okay.
Out to your Ubers.
If we're not gonna have a sh-
Alright, so my character is named Mercy O'Donnell,
and I'll just read the short email that I sent Spencer earlier today.
It's a historical hostage event.
Well within my right to use that to illustrate.
Sorry.
Made a movie about it for kids.
Yeah, Munich was for kids.
Alright, this is Mercy O'Donnell.
Former publicist for Ares Macro Technology, an ex-wife of its CEO, Damian Knight,
Mercy O'Donnell is a madam for megacorporations and the underground alike.
Two years ago, Mercy left her husband after he beat their teenage son to death in an argument.
When she fled, when she fled Ares Macro Technology manipulated evidence at the scene,
and the corporate court charged Mercy with a murder as a madam, Mercy, so she's on the run.
As a madam, Mercy works almost exclusively with magic users who may or may not procure payment
without quote-unquote natural sexual services rendered, regardless her Johns always leave happy.
With a name that is always changing, she is known by her many contacts as the eyes,
because I have the best face ever, is the thing that was established before.
I'm looking at David.
And you're a hooker.
You're a prostitute?
Uh, no.
No, I'm a madam, but I work mostly with magic users.
I work mostly with people who are able-
What does madam mean?
What is a madam?
Like a prostitute king?
Oh, yeah, like a prostitute king.
King of all the prostitutes, that's true.
The first conversation between the worst representatives of an indigenous and an invading population.
That's their tatanka.
In a way.
How do whores work?
You need a king of whores?
Yes.
Yeah, so I'm working as a madam, but that's my cover.
But Camille, a madam is somebody who's like an agent for prostitutes.
It's like CAA for prostitutes.
Oh, you're the CAA of prostitutes?
I thought CAA was the CAA of prostitutes.
You know in the movies when you run into a brothel, and then there's like, there's all of the sad, broken-hearted, carnival-
There's a woman who's just turned 35.
Yeah, there's the milf who's eight years younger than me.
But I am more a madam as a cover.
I don't know how much I should say about my character, but she's fiercely anti-male.
And the way that that's...
Shocker.
Well, why is that? What?
I mean, you're just saying that. That doesn't mean anything.
You can say shocker after almost anything. Try it tonight, kids, as you go home.
It's a button.
Maybe because she watched her husband, whom she loved when they got married, kill her son.
So she has like an imbalanced hatred.
But the son is also male, so why is she a male hater?
Well, I mean, sometimes hatred doesn't make sense.
Right.
She's afraid of men, and now she's wanting to protect women.
But God, she has this face.
She's got a great face.
She has a great face, but it's not for you.
What do you mean? Why is it not for me?
I don't know. I'm spiraling. It's not for men.
If I can afford it, it's for me, right?
No, because I am the agent.
Sorry, right.
I am the agent.
You're the agent.
But the idea is that she is making her money by employing magic-using prostitutes,
her convincing men that they're getting off, and they're not really.
Oh.
Okay, got it, got it, got it, got it.
But maybe not exclusively.
Being convinced that you got off is identical.
You're getting off.
I wouldn't even have a complaint.
Well, this is interesting.
It's different in that the girl doesn't have to put a orc dick in her mouth.
Oh, that's great for her.
That's like when the hotel says, we turn your lights off because the planet needs to be saved.
Fine for you.
I'm saying as a male customer, if you told me, listen, sorry, if you're out of...
No, exactly.
I wouldn't demand my money back.
No, I know.
I thought I got the best blow job ever.
Well, that's a thing.
Except I think egos would get in the way where guys would be like,
I thought the best girl last night is almost like you didn't actually.
That's the perfect scene to introduce your character in the movie version,
where there's a guy that's like that.
Because then you can demonstrate how you lay down the law to protect these ladies.
Right.
That's what I like about the archetype of the hooker matron,
who's in a world where the government doesn't care about humanity.
There's a woman who's like a den mother to these lost souls.
Yeah, I'm like a mother hen, but young.
And a great face.
And hotter than all of them.
Hotter than all of them.
It's like...
Yeah, okay.
Got it.
So, DeMores, I don't know if you want to talk through, but I also have the write-up that I sent you,
so I can read that or you could do it.
Just to caution the audience.
Yeah, I know the characters.
Just because of the bills we have to pay.
DeMores' character is basically the noid from Pizza Hut.
It's called branded content.
There's no commercials during the podcast.
No, no.
But Pizza Hut tastes so good that we're okay.
And it's very cheap.
And it's a real thing.
I mean, it's a real thing to not want cool pizza.
I can hear you guys.
Yeah, go ahead.
My character's name is Horde God.
I'm an elf.
You're a dwarf.
I'm a dwarf.
I was just testing you.
People don't know the difference these days.
My mother was a dwarf.
My father was a dwarf.
They were both very smart and came to the United States as a science team.
I do not have the most beautiful face, but I have reasonable looks.
And for some reason, a characteristic of not aging,
I was always a precognitive child.
I was born a precog, that is to say that I can sense future events.
Oh, you're like Jeff.
There is a gelatin that floats in the sky that you cannot see or touch,
but I can perceive it and perceive from it and draw from it such things as horrible accidents
and crimes and misdemeanors, et cetera.
My mother sensing this would put me to some sort of persecution, built a precog bath in the basement.
My father, being scared of this, ran away.
She educated me in the ways of precognition, though she herself was not the precog,
but she was a good reader and a great teacher.
At a certain time, I was urged to leave and try to find employment.
Children would laugh at me in school, and I did not do very well because of this,
and so I took small jobs.
I was very old, and I got a job as a busboy.
I worked with the underground restaurants and bars.
They did not know if I was a boy or a man.
I was at this age a man, but they would say, hey.
How old were you?
At this point, I was some 26 years old.
So, of course, this is 2074.
Is that correct?
Close enough.
I worked making the most money onto the table in cash with mafia and jacuzzi families,
both in the nighttime working in the little Italy section
and in the evening working in a little Osaka.
They had no problem spilling their information to me,
so I learned a lot about the underground and how it works.
You'd be very surprised to know that the underground is really the overground.
Everything that works in front of you is moved by people you do not see.
It is not called shadow run for no reason.
You must think into opposites, and you must be neither.
Because I still have precognition, I like to go outside at night
when the machines are humming and whirring and the night air is moist.
It is there that these thoughts come to me,
and once such night to go out and the boss of my place in little Italy is crying.
He's smoking a cigarette and crying.
I say, what is your problem?
He says, you can go home.
There will be no restaurant tomorrow.
I cannot explain.
I go back to my studio apartment, which is not so much an apartment
because there is no floor.
There's only a tub of water in which I built a precognition tub for myself.
From this, I put on opera, sauvage, a composition by Vangelis.
Tasty choice.
A precognition suit such as Samantha Morton might wear to an event or a gala.
You love that minority report.
I lay myself above and using the power of rear thought suspend myself without a net over the water.
And I saw an incident at which a man with a loaded pistol would come to him
and shoot my boss's brains out.
I waited for the vision of a woman with a wristwatch to walk by
and focused on the wristwatch, got the time of day knowing that it was night
and there is no 2.36 that PM that is at night.
I sensed it was 2.36 a.m.
I went to the cross streets and waited.
What time was this at?
2.36 a.m.
What time did you get the vision?
I got the vision at 2.34, but this was the day before.
Oh, okay, so you had plenty of time to get there.
I had plenty of time to get there, but no, I had to get a weapon.
I had to stuff the man with the weapon.
I got the weapon from a Yucuza boss in Osaka.
I then waited on the corner when I recognized the man and I saw the woman with the watch.
I raised the gun, I shot him in the head.
I then had to go on the run deep into the annals or annals of Little Italy
where I met a man who would become my father figure.
His name was Gepetto 5.0
who outfitted me with silicon and cyber devices, arms.
I'm sorry.
We just heard the cold open.
He's just now becoming...
This is the opening narration.
At what point do you flee to Brazil as a Nazi doctor?
Because you sound like a Nazi doctor.
At what point do you launch an award-winning career as a documentary director?
Anyway, sorry.
If I were, I would do something like this and something different.
But anyway, I have a cyber device to touch on.
Excuse me, go ahead.
Would you better 5.0 continue?
Yes.
He just gives me a number of attachments and things and ways to better myself,
including skill softs which are programs that allow me to master certain tasks
and things through a cranial implant.
And with this, I can function for myself.
But I cannot go back into that world, although I have all of this knowledge of how they operate.
And so I run around in the shadows between streets and avenues and boulevards and byways,
bartering with what I know to do best.
And that is to sneak up and stop problems, sense problems, eliminate situations.
Sometimes with weapons, otherwise with cunning and guile.
I can occasionally step out into the light because everyone still thinks I'm a boy.
Oh.
Wow.
Uh-oh.
Everyone still thinks I'm a boy.
Wow.
I guess if David wants to tell us about his character, we'll just...
My name is Chrissy Tilmick.
I am a 12-year-old LGBT transgender.
I was born with six toes on each foot, but I now currently have three on each foot.
And my father killed chickens with his mind.
We would travel from small town to small town.
Some people were enamored of that.
Some people thought he had great powers.
Some people were scared of him and frightened.
As a result, we were constantly moving.
We had a 1969 Dodge Dart.
And one day, my mother and father were very much in love.
He had sworn on their wedding day.
They loped, but it was still a wedding and it was a day, so it was a wedding day.
That he would never use his ability to kill chickens with his mind in any negative way
towards her.
One day, we were chased out of a town, Birmingham, Alabama, and he was drinking heavily
and he started what looked like the process of trying to kill my mom.
It was gone.
That upset me terribly.
I went running out.
My mom chased me and she was killed by a heronado, which is a...
As everyone knows, after the year 2021,
government Obama was still in office and invented heronados,
which is a combination of a hurricane and a tornado.
That was shortly before they revealed chemtrails are a real thing.
They're not just silicon.
So my mom was killed.
It was a terrifying thing for me to witness.
As I looked behind my...
I had three shoulders and I looked behind the middle one.
I could see my dad running after and the entire town of Birmingham, Alabama,
he got swallowed into the...
As they grabbed him and they pulled him and he was like,
Chrissy, Chrissy!
And I could see it was scratching at the ground and blood came from his nails
and went down to stubs as he was trying to claw his way to me.
I just knew it was fight or flight and I decided I'm going to flight.
And I went to Birmingham International Airport
and I used all my remaining...
I had some fun bucks left over from a Chuck E. Cheese and I turned them in.
I got on a plane to 2032, which was the only time I could afford.
And there I...
When I got off the plane, I just did that classic Chrissy Tillman thing where I looked down
and the first sign I saw was for Davos and I went,
I'm your guy and I got in the car and ended up at a Davos conference.
Jenna Bush was speaking and I managed to sneak into her hotel room
in a way that I'd only seen in hollow movies,
which is a way that people watch movies in the future.
He got that right, he got that right.
By being underneath the catering tray table
and then I snuck out and I assumed Jenna Bush's personality
and her identification tron.
Which was, she didn't even put away, it was in the closet, the closet was open.
I just took Jenna Bush's...
She just left her identification tron.
He just added tron.
Yeah, this shit is easy.
And I remembered, as I was climbing the antenna spire,
I remembered, wait, my mother, her last dying thing,
as the heronata was sucking her into the vortex,
and she threw the pills at me and said,
should anything happen, take these pills.
And I did, and then I went back in time to where we were a happy family,
but I was always able to access everything post that.
So not only am I currently with my happy family
knowing what the future will bring,
but I also concurrently run in the shadows,
because I fucking love that song.
Wow, what a character.
I think that's the end of our show.
Wait, I have my guy.
What's that?
I have a guy too.
Oh god, oh god, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Don't forget me saying, I think that's the end of our show.
I'm just gonna read this, and that'll be the end of the show.
My guy talks like me.
I'm just gonna read what you said, is that okay?
Unless you have any great ideas that have come up to the surface
from these wonderful narrations.
Is there a him, Nato?
When we looked at it, what we thought was...
It sounded like a herstory moment, but...
I'll have to check with the ladies at Vassar and Sarah Lawrence,
the feminist studies group, see what they think.
Spencer, what is a shadow runner?
A shadow runner is basically like a member of the A team.
When people need their help and they can afford it,
they get the A team, you know?
And they do illegal stuff, they do cool things.
But they're usually good guys?
No, I mean, they're criminals, they could be murderers, assassins.
They ride in a van and they have lunchboxes with their faces on it.
Typical mercenary.
I'm just gonna read the paragraph.
Dr. Friend, that's my guy's name.
Unless you have a better name.
I don't think you can talk Dr. Friend.
Dentist, Frank.
Dentist friend is the troll doctor, dentist.
A criminal slash doctor whose practice is everywhere the core aren't.
Corpse, like corpse corporations.
Sorry, everybody.
Dr. Friend is a troll doctor.
I have to start over every time someone says something.
Do try periodonist.
Periodonist friend is a troll periodonist.
A criminal slash periodonist whose practice is everywhere the core aren't.
Periodonist friend has a magical mastery over medicine and the metahuman body.
With a less than firm commitment to the Hippocratic Oath.
Nice.
That was a little glib.
With a less than firm commitment.
Alright, CW, I see what you mean.
Periodonist friend is bound to never harm anyone who hasn't harmed him first.
Originally a corporate periodonist.
For fun, can you say endodontist?
Endodontist? What is that?
It's root canals.
Just root canals?
Yeah, basically it's nerves.
Periodontist is guns and endodontist is root canals.
Sounds so drunk right now.
It's basically nerves.
It's nerves, roots, root canals, nerves.
Endodontist?
Endodontist.
Okay, I mean, it's not important.
Oh no, I didn't mean to qualify that as being important.
It's not important, say whatever you want, say periodontist.
I thought we were giving a request like you were a DJ at a birthday party.
So I said endodontist.
Originally a corporate endodontist.
One friend, one friend, that's me.
That's me.
One friend goblinized into a troll.
Goblin is not a verb.
Goblinization is a thing that happens in the history of the Shadowrun milieu.
Vampiric virus.
I turn from human into a troll.
Yeah, trolls just get turned into them from humans.
He was cast out of the corporation with extreme prejudice,
forced to ply his trade in the streets.
Despite this fall from grace, he only accepts payment from the moderately wealthy
for his superior service.
Treating the poor and needy free of charge.
Sounds like a good guy.
Sounds like a friend.
Sounds like a friend, that's right.
That's all I need to say, right?
I prefer not to fight, but when I must, I tend to favor not only the weapons
such as a stun baton or gel and shock rounds from my silent submachine gun.
That sounds like a very violent weapon.
I use no weaponry other than this submachine gun.
I think at a moment when someone would go,
that's really nice that you take care of poor people for free.
You say it in an alleyway just to that other person, you go,
the poor become the rich.
And the rich are always dying.
And they'll always be more poor.
Did you just come up with that quote?
That's really good.
Are you being sarcastic?
No.
Really?
It's really good.
It's like the blind guy in Minority Report.
I like it.
I think I might be a little drunk.
I should be riffing dialogue for you.
That was really good.
Thank you.
Doesn't the logic collapse under the poor become the rich?
Doesn't that stop right there?
This is a fantasy world, David.
It's a weird world where if you're poor, you're safe.
But you have teeth problems.
And then only your ambition to become rich eventually kills you.
I like that this is the least believable bit of this for you.
The poor become the rich.
No, I've heard everything.
Shadowrun's a fun game, but in terms of wealth distribution,
a lot like our world.
I'm not sure I believe it.
All right.
Well, we've conquered all these worlds.
Now how do we end things?
Probably with a rap, right?
I'll do a rap.
Do a rap.
Rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap, rap,
clappity clap time to rap.
Every rap has some kind of rap jazz.
When you rap your ass, the person you came in as,
and I accept you.
To get to do, to get to do, to get to do.
I accept you.
It's funny that David thinks that this is your rap every time.
The great thing would be to do a rap
and have David Cross, who has a beautiful angelic voice,
do the rap bridge, the R&B, like, do, do, do.
Do we have a rap beat?
I think so, yeah, yeah.
All right.
So I'll do a little bit and then I'll cue you
and then you do like the, you do like the, you know, the bridge.
The singing part.
We hope you come back to the show.
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
City sirens, police in the distance, cityscape.
I'm gonna go the distance up.
I'm Dr. Urban Anthropy.
I'm gonna cut you, can't you see?
I'm going through the shadows at night.
I'm gonna rap for my life, gonna fight for your life.
I'm gonna, I'm Mr. Mixa Plick.
I'm gonna shoot you.
I'm gonna fucking shoot you in the, in the tooth you.
I'm gonna shoot you in the shoot you.
And then I put your life inside my shoe though.
I'm in shoot you with shoot you.
I'm gonna rhyme a life with life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Gonna rhyme one word with the exact word again.
Let's grab a dammit.
And that's how I wrap my life.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Alright.
David Cross.
That's our show.
We'll see you next week, I think.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.